Add Cookie Error (#13942)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/breezy-poets-grow.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> Ignores errors for cookies being added to headers that may be immutable do to the cookies being added prior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: continue if error encountered when cookie is being added to immutable headers due to the cookies already being added
```
